Hey everyone, welcome to the
very last module. Just to chat. So,
starting from a little recap: hopefully,
now you have a clear offering with
clear ICPs, clear content that you
need to structure or improve, or propose
to your company to enhance your outbound
activities and can also enhance your inbound
marketing as well. With the flow and timing, or with
a better understanding of the flow and timing, or how you can test
it and how you can vary a copy angle. And hopefully,
I'll be adding a few more things about copywriting
soon, with a few extra templates. But this will give you
a lead generation strategy. So if you puzzle
everything up, you'll be able to get some
prospects, push them into a sequence, and
start off with the right flow. Or
if not, with the knowledge of what
to do next, if nothing is going your way.
Now I'm leaving you with just
one thing: a framework
from growth marketing that
also will lead to lead generation. You can kind of
try and test and be creative and do quite a lot
of things that will lead to unexpected
results. So I would encourage you
to treat this like experiments, where you can
gather ideas, you can decide what to prioritize,
so rank them, outline them. Meaning: talking to
the marketing department or being yourself the marketing
and growth person, so building the assets your company needs.
Work, work, work. So run the campaigns
and run the changes that you need to do in order
for them to work or to have a massive learning,
which you can then study at the very last section
with qualitative and quantitative analysis.
So thank you, thank you
very much for being here
for this. I've been trying to distill the
very, very, very best of me that
applies to most categories
in this. Most likely, I will build
something extra very soon about growth marketing or about
the sales playbook. We'll see. To know
that if you can provide me feedback or suggestions
or if you'd like to have some extra videos, I've built
some content in the past. I just need to put it in place.
So if you help me understand what you
need, this may be the place. I don't know.
I hope this is going to help quite
a lot of people. And so if you liked it,
feel free to share it, okay? Thank
you very much. Bye! (Laughs)